rollout-operator forced delay for partition aware zpdb (#422)
grafana/rollout-operator: docs/runbooks.md

  local podDisruptionBudget = $.policy.v1.podDisruptionBudget;
  podDisruptionBudget.mixin.spec.withMaxUnavailable(0),
```

### Cross-zone eviction delays

The `crossZoneEvictionDelay` can be used in partition-aware `ZPDB` configurations and requires `podNamePartitionRegex` to be set.

It requires a minimum period to elapse after a pod returns to ready+running before another pod in the same partition (in any zone) can be evicted.

For instance;

- t0 - `pod-zone-a-0` is evicted
- t1 - `pod-zone-a-0` returns to full service (ready and running)
- t2 - `pod-zone-b-0` is tested for eviction

Assuming the PDB `max-unavailable` is 1, the `pod-zone-b-0` eviction will not be allowed until at least `crossZoneEvictionDelay` has elapsed since t1 (i.e. `t2 - t1 >= crossZoneEvictionDelay`).

> Note that this duration is calculated from when the `pod-zone-a-0` returned to service, not when it was evicted.

Reviewer: [nit] This might be less ambiguous:

```suggestion
Note that this duration is calculated from when the `pod-zone-a-0` becomes ready, not when it was evicted.
```

When `crossZoneEvictionDelay` is unset or `0`, no delay is enforced and evictions follow the standard ZPDB logic.

> The time that a pod became ready is recorded by setting a `grafana.com/ready` annotation on the pod. This ensures that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time that a pod became ready is recorded by setting a `grafana.com/ready-time` annotation on the pod. This ensures that
```

> The time that a pod returned to service is recorded by setting a `grafana.com/ready` annotation on the pod. This ensures that

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
The time that a pod became ready is recorded by setting a `grafana.com/ready` annotation on the pod. This ensures that
```

if the `rollout-operator` restarts the last ready time is not lost. The annotation is automatically removed when a pod transitions
out of a ready+running state, so the delay is correctly re-measured from the next ready transition. The annotation is also lost if a pod is re-created.

When the annotation is missing - e.g. the first time this version of the `rollout-operator` runs, or after a pod is re-created during

> a `rollout-operator` restart - the `rollout-operator` records `time.Now()` as the ready time on its first observation of the pod. The

Reviewer: [nit] `time.Now()` will only make sense to Go devs

```suggestion
a `rollout-operator` restart - the `rollout-operator` records the current time as the ready time on its first observation of the pod. The
```
